.TH gtt 1 "12 Oct 2001" "GNOME" "The GNOME Project"
.SH NAME
gtt - GTimeTracker - a time tracker
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gtt
.RB [ --display
.IR displayname ]
.RB [ --geometry
.IR geometry ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.I GTimeTracker
is a simple combination of a stopwatch, a to-do-list manager and 
time-keeping/billing system.   
.PP
In its simplest mode of operation,
as a stopwatch, it simply counts the number of elapsed seconds
while the timer is running.  Unlike ordinary stopwatches, it will
keep a log of each time that the timer was started and stopped.
The log, or 'journal', can be annotated with comments, allowing
a diary of events to be kept.  
.PP
.I GTimeTracker
functions as a billing system by allowing you to assign a 
value to an hour's worth of time.  
You can specify overtime, double-overtime rates and fixed 
flat-fees.  Individual chunks of time as 'billable',
'not-billable', 'no-charge', 'hold', and so on.
.PP
.I GTimeTracker 
can also be used as a simple to-do list tracker.
You can assign an urgency as well as an importance to a given 
project, assign an estimated start and end date, specify a 
sizing and a percent-complete value.  Clicking on column headings 
will sort the list in the order of that column.
.PP
Custom reports can be created using standard 
.I HTML 
enhanced with embedded
.I Scheme 
(a 
.I LISP
-like programming language).

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B --display
specifies the X server that gtt should connect to. Refer to 
the X(1x) manual page for more info.
.TP
.B --geometry
specifies the
.I geometry
of the main window. The syntax 
.B [WIDTHxHEIGHT][(+|-)X(+|-)Y]
is just like the X toolkit option
.I geometry.
See X(1x) for more info.
.SH OTHER TYPES OF DOCUMENTATION
You can find more information about
.I GTimeTracker
and its functions in the
.I Gnome help system.
Just select
.B Contents
from the 
.B Help
menu to get there.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
X(1x), the
.I GTimeTracker
Online Help, the
.I GNOME
Online Help.
.SH AUTHOR
 Copyright (C) 1997,1998 Eckehard Berns
 Copyright (C) 2001 Linas Vepstas <linas@linas.org>
.\"   This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\"   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\"   the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\"   (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\"   This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\"   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\"   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\"   GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\"   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\"   along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\"   Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.\"   For more details see the file COPYING.
